The dead and the dead.
Don't be afraid, go and find it.
Self-inflicted.
Wan, I
I don't want to look anymore.
Can I buy some to return to the princess?
Buying more is not an option.
Hurry up, find An An An's stuff, Thanh Nhi will not care anymore.
Finally in a hurry.
This time the king can always forgive me.
An is so big.
It seems that I never took the initiative to buy him a set of clothes and toys.
Princess.
Lord, how do you deal with this?
Where to throw dirt
Don't let me see these anymore.
Lord, how can you throw my goods and the Army?
Yes...
It hurts now.
Before you lost your safe, why didn't you think you'd have today to keep throwing?
Hoai An, you bought these for me and Tuan Tuan.
Stop him, young man.
Ran Ran has taken back all of An An's belongings.
Just let him go.
Right.
Let him go to An An, now kneel down and I accept the blame.
He told me to get down on my knees with a child.
Good night, my head is dizzy.
Seven, isn't this awkward?
He's so weak he can't stand him.
You also get on your knees.
Or I'll put him in jail.